this is refilling method of HP I 8610
see used for HP 14 cartridge when out of
ink message has appeared for the first
time since you started using OEM
cartridge do not refill went out of ink
message appears even if out of ink
message appears actually there is enough
ink in the cartridge and had keep
printing after performing change printer
setup for details on change printer
setup chp reference guide when ink is
exhausted after printing in this manner
refill it by following the procedures
described below refill method make sure
to refill ink in order of head refill
cartridge refill change printer setup
once you have performed change printer
setup you must refill the head as well
as the cartridge head reef though
as shown in the figure push in the metal
ball on the bottom of the head with a
projected part on the top of the refill
clip to create an ink injection Inlet
open the cap of the ink container and
connect the injection needle
as shown in the figure insert the
injection needle deep into the ink
injection inlet on the head then slowly
inject 5 milliliters of ink by pressing
the piston of the ink container and pull
out the ink container completely close
the ink injection Inlet with a supplied
rubber clock
as shown in the figure connect the head
to the refill clip and push the upper
part all the way in until it clicks into
place after turning the refill clip
upside down connect the supplied syringe
to the rubber whole of the refill clip
and slowly suck out internal air until
0.5 milliliters of ink is filled in the
syringe then pull out the syringe after
returning the reflow clip to upright
position remove the head and clean the
excessive ink around the nozzle then
install the cartridge in the printer if
the aim keeps on leaking from the nozzle
after refilling repeat the previous step
when you install it with ink leaking it
may cause printer to malfunction
cartridge refill
place the cartridge on a few sheets of
tissue attach the supplied injection in
its sticker on the label of the
cartridge cover while paying attention
to the shape and direction
Pierce the injection needle vertically
to the ink injection in the position
indicated on the figure until the
sticker is penetrated pull up the
injection needle about three millimeters
backward and slowly inject five
millimeters of ink for about 20 seconds
by pressing the piston of the ink
container then pull out the ink
container clean the excessive ink around
the bottom of the cartridge and install
it in the printer
change printer setup after installing
the refilled head and cartridge in the
printer carry out the changing printer
setup as described in the first step
before using the printer run the head
cleaning process by referring to the HP
reference guide
you